A little background: my dad and his two brothers are former military going back to the early to late 70s. Dad was air force, my two uncles were Army. One of my uncles is Dave in this story. My dad and uncles were shipped out at the tail end of Vietnam, dad went to Germany, uncles didn't. My uncle Dave is a great guy, helps people whenever he can, but he likes his peace and quiet, so he moved out to a very rural area. However, eventually the land around him was sold and after a few years houses started getting built, with houses come families, families mean children, children mean noise, and lots of it. Dave's closest neighbour is within sight but is still a good quarter mile away so the noise didn't bother him too much. He would ignore the kids and they would assumedly ignore the occasional shooting range Dave and his buddies would have in the backyard. But kids grow up, and here is the story.
Several years ago, my Grandmother passed after battling a series of strokes. She had to be taken care of the last year of her life, which my dad did and my uncles would visit often. It took a toll on everyone, but Dave I think took it the hardest. When she finally passed, the first person there to help handle things was Dave. It took awhile to settle her affairs, but a week after she passed and was cremated, we spread her ashes on my great grandparents grave in a small ceremony. It was naturally a rough day, but at the end, Uncle Dave invited us all to his house to grill out and settle down. It ended things on a happy note, I thought.
During the afternoon, we see a bunch of trucks and cars go down the road to the neighbors house. We think it's a bit odd, until my dad remarks it looked like a bunch of teenagers driving them. Sure enough, that was the day the neighbors kids decided to host a house party. I remember it being not too bad at first, it was easy to hold a conversation and drown out the music even outside. We grilled some steaks and burgers, and forgot about our sorrows. Then the sun went down.
I don't know what the occasion was for the party, but after the sun went down, some of the kids came outside and start I guess comparing cars and sound systems. There was alot of loud pipes and even louder music. At one point, I could feel the subbass coming across the field in my feet. We tried to tolerate it, but after several hours of continuous BWOOOOOOOOM, my dad said he was going to call the police. My Uncle Dave stopped him and said "they're just kids, i'll go talk to them" and went to his room to grab something. I could tell he was pissed.
Dave walks out with his hip holster on with his 1911 in it. My dad tries to say "hey wth" and my uncle just says not to worry. The entire time they're talking, I see Dave's left hand is in his pants pocket holding something, and he never takes it out. They come to an agreement, Dave leaves his 1911 in exchange for my Dad and other Uncle walking with him to talk with these kids. So they set off down the road.
About 20 minutes goes by as I'm waiting on the front porch and suddenly I hear "OH CRAP!" come ringing across the field. Then silence, it's really ducking quiet. I remember appreciating the quiet but wondering wth was with the shouting. Eventually, I see my Dad and Uncles come walking back pretty briskly. When they get within earshot I ask what the hell happened. As my uncle explains it: they all got to the front yard where a few of the teens were playing around with their trucks and asked to talk to whoever was throwing the party. This kid walks out and my Dad tried to explain what was going on and asked if they'd keep the noise down. Apparently the kids just laughed and told them to duck off and after some back and forth my other uncle said he'd call the cops if they didn't straighten up. Then one of the kids made some kind of quip about my grandmother. That's when Dave pulled out what was in his pocket from earlier.
Uncle Dave walks up and pulls out a ducking hand grenade from his pocket, pulls the pin, and holds it up to the kids face and says "if you ducking kids don't get your crap straight, the next time you see this, it'll be flying through your front ducking window and ill repaint the living room with you and your friends". That's when one of the kids shouts "OH CRAP!". The main kid got everyone to turn down the music and Dave put the pin back into the grenade and put it back in his pocket and they all got back down the road. Obviously me and my dad and uncle were asking him what the actual duck was he thinking when Dave showed us the grenade and said "relax, it's deactivated". And you know that look some people give that just tells you they're lying? Well Uncle Dave had a look that made me want to turn and haul serious but like a clown with giant morning wood was screaming and chasing me.
I don't know what happened in the following days as me and dad went home shortly after Dave unveiled his recipe for soft serve craphead. Apparently Uncle Dave had pulled something similar to that in the past, albeit without the portable blender, which is why my Dad and Uncle wanted to go with him. I know the parents of the kid called the cops when it got out to them, but nothing ever came of it.

